---
title: Art Club
permalink: /co-curriculum/cca/art-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs & Societies
variant: tiptap
---
<div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uui4MQcbNJdEcVHRO5ex65zQwdmNWyoq-aJqizyJF24/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><h3>About Us&nbsp;&nbsp;</h3><p><strong>VISION</strong>: What does the CCA want to achieve?&nbsp;</p><p>Arts and Innovation club members are responsible, independent and critical thinkers throughout the art-making process and its outcomes.</p><p><strong>MISSION</strong>: What does the CCA set out to do?</p><p>To develop students’ aesthetics abilities and appreciation of the Arts so as to enhance students’ confidence in the art-making process.</p><p><strong>LEARNING OUTCOMES</strong>: By the time the students leave the CCA, what characteristics do they exhibit?</p><p>(1) Students are able to develop mastery learning through art workshops, showcases, exhibitions, competitions and projects.</p><p>(2) Students are able to showcase teamwork by working cohesively in a team with a common goal.</p><p>(3) Students are able to develop leadership skills and mentor others in terms of CCA content, skills and activities.</p><h3>Achievements and Accolades</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2021</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Singapore Philatelic Museum: Draw My Stamp Story Art Competition 2021 (Participants are awarded Gold, Silver, Bronze and Certificates of Participation) Ambrea Tan (Sec 2): Gold<br><br>National Organ Transplant Unit (NOTU) (MOH): Live On Festival - Design Competition 2021<br>Lee Shan Megan (Sec 3): Special mention<br></p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2020</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Singapore Biennale 2019 x Converse Chucks Design Competition<br>Student Category – National<br>Ng Shin Rei, Variel (Sec 2): 1st<br><br>2020 SYF Design Challenge Competition<br>Gillian Tan Si Jia (Sec 4): Top 12 entries and designs chosen to be one of the 3 entries selected for the key visual and collateral for SYF 2020 Celebrations<br><br>Singapore Youth Festival 2020 Art Exhibition<br>1 team of 10 students: Certificate of Accomplishment<br><br>Tampines United Competition<br>Nur Seri Aliyah bte Anwar (Sec 3): Consolation<br>Jeslyn Nicole Piloton Tolentino (Sec 3): Consolation<br><br>Design For Good Youth Art Competition<br>Heather Simpson (Sec 4): Winner (Top 35)<br>Law Jing Yi, Hannah (Sec 4): Winner (Top 35)<br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2019</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>SYF Celebrations Logo Design Contest:<br>Cheah Yu Xi Trixie (Sec 2): Top 16 Entries<br>Sia Yu En Joydale (Sec 2): Top 16 Entries<br>Law Jing Yi, Hannah (Sec 3): Top 16 Entries<br><br>Safety Starts with Me Competition (Poster Category)<br>Goh Swee Woon Nicole (Sec 3): Silver<br>Muhammad Aqil Bin Asmin (Sec 3): Bronze<br>Chak Min Xin Victoria (Sec 3): Bronze<br><br>Safety Starts with Me Competition (Story Writing Category)<br>Chak Min Xin Victoria (Sec 3): Bronze</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h3>Schedule</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Days</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Time</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Venue</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tuesday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3:00 pm – 6:00 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Art Studio 1</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Friday <br>(Seasonal. <em>For workshops, competitions, VIA projects and learning journeys</em>, if any)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1:30 pm – 4:30 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Art Studio 1</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h3>CCA Teachers-in-charge</h3><p>Mr Tan Wei Zhong <br>Ms Melissa Yong Weng Mun</p>