---
title: Infocomm Technology (Media Production)
permalink: /co-curriculum/cca/infocomm-technology/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs & Societies
variant: tiptap
---
<div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="569" width="960" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YOzuvRbKSmaRVl--NqZFqu0bYOhA-WwJY-9h1dV8Aw8/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><h3>About Us</h3><p><strong>VISION</strong>: What does the CCA want to achieve?&nbsp;</p><p>The Infocomm Technology CCA students&nbsp;</p><p>(1) Have relevant skills in the media-related field;&nbsp;</p><p>(2) Are confident and active contributors to the school and the community.</p><p><strong>MISSION</strong>: What does the CCA set out to do?</p><p>The Infocomm Technology CCA aims to&nbsp;</p><p>(1) Provide the opportunity for students to be involved in videography and the setting up of audio-visual systems to support Morning Assembly, school-wide events and activities;&nbsp;</p><p>(2) Showcase students’ talents outside school/community;&nbsp;</p><p>(3) Participate in relevant competitions;&nbsp;</p><p>(4) Create effective videos to raise awareness of the needs of less-privileged community (social cause) to the public.</p><p><strong>LEARNING OUTCOMES</strong>: By the time the students leave the CCA, what characteristics do they exhibit?</p><p>(1) Members of Infocomm Technology CCA are capable of managing public announcement system in support of internal school events with guidance from teachers and technical assistant.&nbsp;</p><p>(2) Members of Infocomm Technology CCA have basic understanding of audio visual systems and videography skills.&nbsp;</p><p>(3) Members of Infocomm Technology CCA are able to develop a passion for learning and leading others.</p><p><strong>SERVE</strong>:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Morning Assembly</p></li><li><p>School Events &amp; Celebrations</p></li><li><p>Reaching out to the Community</p></li><li><p>Tech Saturday (by IMDA)</p></li></ul><h3>Achievements and Accolades</h3><p><strong>SERVE up Emerging Tech Journaling Contest 2023</strong><br>Winner (Category: ‘Unleash your inner designer’, featured in IMDA website)</p><p><strong>National Youth Tech Championship 2023 by IMDA</strong><br>Participation</p><p><strong>Videography competitions</strong><br>OSOS, DrugsFree SG, NSmen, etc.</p><p><strong>Infocomm Media Club Youth Award by IMDA 2022</strong><br>Tech Category: Commendation Award<br>Media Category: Commendation Award</p><p><strong>SERVE Social Media Writeup Contest by IMDA 2022</strong><br>Winner</p><p><strong>Straits Times National Youth Media Competition 2019</strong><br>Merit Award (https://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/student-journalists-all-nighter-pays-off)</p><p><strong>Straits Times National Youth Media Competition 2018</strong> <br>Merit Award</p><p><strong>iCode SG 2018</strong> <br>Finalists</p><h3>Schedule</h3><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Days</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Time</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Venue</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2" colspan="1"><p>Tuesday</p></td><td rowspan="2" colspan="1"><p>3:15 pm – 6.00 pm</p></td><td rowspan="2" colspan="1"><p>Computer Lab 1 &amp; 2</p></td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Wednesday<br>(<em>Seasonal. For prep of events/learning journey, if any</em>)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3:15 pm – 6.00 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Computer Lab 1 &amp; 2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Friday<br>(<em>Seasonal. For prep of events/learning journey, if any</em>)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3:15 pm – 6.00 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Computer Lab 1 &amp; 2</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h3>CCA Teachers-in-charge</h3><p>Mdm Du Meishan Grace <br>Ms Hon Soo Sien</p>