---
title: Release of 2023 GCE O–Level Examination Results
permalink: /links-for-parents/release-of-2023-gce-o-level-examination-results/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h2>Information on Results Collection</h2><p>Dear NASians and Parents/Guardians of the 2023 Graduating Cohort,</p><p>MOE and SEAB have recently announced that the GCE O-Level Examination results will be released on <strong>Thursday, 11 January 2024 at 2 pm.</strong></p><p>School candidates are reminded to be properly groomed and dressed in their school attire. School candidates can report to the Multi-Purpose Hall (MPH) from 1.15 pm onwards and parents/guardians are welcome to accompany their child/ward. Due to the seating capacity, we will be appreciative if there is no more than 2 guests ( parents/ guardians/caregivers) per student.</p><p>School candidates who are unwell should not return to school to collect the results.</p><p>School candidates who are unable to collect their results in person should inform the school before 11 January through your Form Teacher, and can appoint a proxy to collect a physical copy of their results on their behalf. Proxies can proceed to the General Office to collect the results. Proxies are required to produce the relevant documents (Photo ID for identification &amp; Letter of Authorisation) for the school’s verification when collecting the results. School candidates may contact the school through your Form Teacher for assistance if candidates are unable to appoint a proxy.</p><p><strong>You may find the following links useful:</strong></p><p>• Social and Emotional Learning Resources for Parents/Guardians to support your child/ward: <a href="https://go.gov.sg/selresforparents" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/selresforparents</a></p><p>• What’s Next Pamphlet: <a href="https://go.gov.sg/whats-next-olevel" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/whats-next-olevel</a></p><p>• <a href="/files/GCE O Levels Results 2023/Letter_of_Authorisation.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Letter of Authorisation</a></p><p>• <a href="/files/GCE O Levels Results 2023/2024_JAE_Information_Sheet.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">2024 JAE Information Sheet</a></p><p><strong>All the Best to You NASians! See You on 11 January!</strong></p><p></p>